Really enjoyed the food. Food was excellent. Really tasty. However, one male waiter was extremely rude and condescending while taking orders. Also at the end when the bill was payed the receipt was thrown on the table as he walked off Food was amazing! Tons of gf & vegan options! Server was extremely nice & helpful! Completely overpriced.  Nearly 16 euro for a thin based Margharita pizza and 2.30 extra for each of the toppings which were barely there.  Very average food.  Service understated to say the least..............will not be gracing this restaurant with my presence again. Great staff and very good vegan menu. (Translated by Google) Server catastrophic, food correct but for higher price than the average. … Visited while in Dublin. Nice food, good service and a very tasty dessert :-) Staff lovely so nice but just one poor lad put to work in a big area. We were put to sit by the toilets and a fire exit blocked by high chairs. We put on a brave face for kids but the smell of sewage and cigarette smoke was awful.  Couldn't wait to leave. They should just not put people to eat in that area. Its insulting. The pizza was lovely 🤍 and the waitress was so nice as well! The food is just so average. I would maybe give it 3 stars if it wasn’t ridiculously overpriced.
It’s daylight robbery. Staff / service was decent so no fault there. (Translated by Google) Pizza was a feast. Absolutely fine. Friendly quick staff. Great atmosphere. … Standard Malano good food and very friendly service A real treat after the theatre! Amazing pizza! A great variety of vegan options! Definitely will gi back there! I visited Milano Dawson Street last weekend and I really recommend. I’m not vegan but I tried the vegan and gluten-free pizza, it was amazing. They have a lot of traditional, vegan and gluten-free pizzas options. … A very disappointing experience. The waiter was very curt and unhelpful. Food was ok, but 2 items on the menu weren't available ... including spaghetti bolognese which was hard to believe. Terrible service and food Brilliant atmosphere for lunch, fabulous spicy pizza with salad I ordered the Melanzane tonight and I have to say it was the most unflavourable dish I had in a long time it geuiually lacked any sort of flavour very disappointing the waitress who served us was very nice although nothing was done about … They wont let you buy a cup of coffe, unless buy something to eat. Milanos always reliable for decent pizza and dessert and great for families. Atmosphere has always been lacking a bit in this particular venue in my opinion, and not helped by covid precautions, but still a comfortable place to dine. Staff were so kind. Menu had a lot to offer from pizzas to pastas and even salads! Outdoor seating available. Not very many juice options but other that that, top notch! Lovely thin base pizzas....all plates cleared.
Thank you Loved it !! Nice relaxing welcome. We had 2 beautiful pizza's, one was gluten free, both were lovely. Followed up with honeycomb cream slice, gluten free carrot cake and cappuccinos. … Super sad pizza, no cheese at all. And the dough was so thin and crunchy that hurted all my mouth We had the puff pastry starters called Milano, pizza and salad. All of them were delicious and gluten free 😎😎😎😎good first place i went indoor dining post-vaccine, calm atmosphere with great food and friendly staff! Good wood oven pizza . Just for a treat. The honey beer was excellent. I went yesterday after work the food was delicious and beyond everything were perfect I enjoyed every second ! Milano is my Birthday party place I celebrated two of my birthdays in it ☺🥰😍 keep it up lovely staff ! Great accomodating staff but the food has gone to rubbish Our food was cold and the place wasn't even very busy. They just reheated it in the microwave so the pizza came back soggy. The service was good and the atmosphere was nice. Menu is a bit dated, could do with some new items or changes. It is what is, a bit pricey for a pizzeria, but the kids love it and it serves booze! So you can leave the car at home and enjoy the family time and everyone happy bar the person footing the bill 🙈 Really good pizza and decent prices too! Went here with my daughter - food was lovely- especially recommend the peroni reserva beer which I haven't seen anywhere else - very well organised from covid point of view and one of the best setups I've seen in a restaurant Good food and customer friendly Popped into Milano’s Dawson St for a pizza and glass of wine, got seats outside in the unusual heat, well socially distanced from the other diners.  The waiter (Tall, blond lad) was so accommodating, friendly and efficient.  Bruschetta was … Pizzas are very expensive. Hot chicken one was awful. Calamari was good. Went at 1pm - no 2 course lunch specials. Place was empty - no kids cos too expensive!!! Great food and great service Great vegan options, excellent service Runaway !
Probably the worst pizza i had in Dublin.
It looks more like a quiche or something but that's not a real italian pizza. Very child friendly, good customer service Great child friendly staff Good food, reasonable prices. (Translated by Google) Optimal

(Original)
Ottimo Very nice food, got pizza and dough balls, but customer service was very bad. Waiter rude and violent about putting leftovers into boxes and splitting the bill was a struggle. Lovely food Staff very friendly. Food very good Lackin a bit of consistency, went twice and got different services each time, same thing ordered and second time wasn't as good. Overpriced, average food and even worse service Good options for gf and df. Would love some df / gf desserts. (Translated by Google) Dawson shopping street where the metro stops

(Original) … Amazing food and staff were friendly! Very fast service. Kid friendly restaurant with very friendly waiters. Awesome pizzas Nice pizza - friendly service Amazing food well worth a visit Waited one hour for our meal We have a lovely girl serving us this evening. It's the perfect to go to with children. Unfortunately not a good experience. Poor service and the pasta wasn't well cooked. Food was fine, service was great. I visited here today with my School to make our own Pizza and eat them! The pizza was very nice and the Cheese on them tasted very Mature. The staff were very nice and gave us suggestions for what to put on our Pizza. The place was also … Always brilliant Great pizza great service!!! Recommend american pizza ! Delicious Had a lovely birthday celebration. They were good enough to honor a birthday promo. Food was definitely tastier than other branches. Place was cosy and not that loud. Very nice place and staff. Lovely pizza The best pizza and garlic bread I've ever had. The service is great and the staff are very friendly. The menu is limited but of a high quality and the food is expensive. But you get what you pay for. Lovely restaurant. I would definitely come back. Nice food. Frendly staff. Very busy over Christmas period My pasta that is right in front of me is dried and uncooked otherwise restaurant is good but still bad Great Italian food and friendly helpful  staff Decent food Tasty pizza, great service. Lovely hostess on front desk. Good place for pizza with friends wouldn't say anything about the dessert. It's not cheap either so it's a bit different experience in my opinion. But Worth to try. Service and value be are great.  Lovely place and ambiance in great location. Menu a bit limited but food quality is very good. (Translated by Google) Good place

(Original)
Buen lugar The food was absolutely shocking, the pasta was so hard and the chicken  was like rubber Good place for a quick pizza, and they are pretty good too 👍 Great food and super location. Great that you can book a table online to be ready during busy times. It is not real Italian food, but it is good. Took about half an hour to pay . Food was good though